Where am I?
Who is it? It's me.
I hear she is a good cook.
She remains single.
Our town lies to the east of the lake.
The church stands on a hill.
A stream runs behind the village office.
There is a good deal of wine in this cask.
How many months are there in a year?
What time is it now?
It is a quarter past nine by my watch.
It is fine, but very windy today.
It is the 13th of April and Friday today.
Do they have much snow in that district?
How far is it from here to the airport?
It is rather dark in this room, isn't it?
How is it with your family?
This book has a light green cover.
I am sorry I have no money with me.
He has a heavy rucksack on his back.
Does he have only two meals a day?
I don't have colds as a general rule.
What a good memory you have!
I have a bad headache today.
The sun rises in the east and sets in the west.
My grandfather is an early riser; he never fails to get up at five every morning.
I take the Dong-A Ilbo and the Korea Times.
What part of the country do you come from?
Where do you live now? I live with my uncle in Suwon.
Do you remember the good old days?
Do you know of any good doctor near here?
Who and What is he?
Who is this letter from?
What do you use this box for?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What is Mr. Yang a professor of?
Which of you two is the elder brother?
Which way do you take?
What makes you think so?
What time do you get up and what time do you go to bed?
How long do you intend to stay in America?
How do you find your new lodging house?
How do you like this color?
How about a cup of tea?
Why are you so angry with me?
I don't like him. Why not?
How long this iron bridge is!
What a bright spring day!
Is it true? Perhaps not.
He is no fool.
Don't you like tomatoes? No, I don't.
He is a devil of a man. Nobody likes him.
His wife is extravagant. Nothing pleases her.
There is no doctor in this village.
Have you any friends in America? If you have one. please introduce him to me. No, I haven't any.
The postman does not come round twice every day.
Neither my father nor I am a smoker.
There are a few mistakes in your composition.
There is little hope of his success.
I don't agree with him. Neither do I.
That comedian never smiles at home.
All his family were fond of talking.
It was unusually warm for winter yesterday.
I was born in Seoul on the 13th of July, 1968.
Mr. A was absent from school owing to influenza today.
I'm glad you had a baby.
Did you have a good time yesterday?
Some had a swim and some had a dance.
The King dreamed a strange dream.
The statesman did much for his country.
I did not do anything particular last year.
He attended the meeting in spite of illness.
He came up to Seoul last month.
My uncle gave me a camera for my birthday present the other day.
When did you arrive here?
Did you go anywhere yesterday?
At what age did you enter primary school?
He came to see me on certain business early this morning.
The questions in mathematics and physics were a little difficult for me.
The girl gave her seat to an old woman in the streetcar.
The bus was crowded and no vacant seat was to be found.
Your nephew came to see you in your absence.
I was not born yet when World War II came to an end.
She lay awake in bed.
He laid himself down under a large oak.
We made ourselves comfortable in Korean dresses.
After supper, I took a walk in the park.
She put her room in order.
As it suddenly became cold, I put on my overcoat.
May 5. Sun. Fine. Children's Day. Up at 5. Did English and Math. in the morning. Had doughnuts. Saw movies int the afternoon. Bed at 10.
I hope I will pass the entrance examination this time.
I will not be able to finish this novel by tomorrow evening.
I will go home as soon as the summer holidays begin.
I will start on the first fine day.
I do hope I will be able to enter this school and enjoy a happy school life.
Shall we be in time for the train?
Shall I go and post this letter? Yes, please.
What shall I do next?
When shall I have your answer?
You will come of age next year.
You will not be able to persuade that obstinate man.
You will have to submit to your fate whether you will or not.
Will you have time enough to do this for me tomorrow?
How much will you need? I will need two thousand won.
As he is very healthy he will live to be eighty.
Unless she is more earnest in her studies, she will not be able to keep up with the class.
By super express it will take you only three hours to go from Seoul to Busan.
How long will these beautiful spring days last?
Will he accept my proposal?
Where will the next Olympics be held?
This door will not shut. 
Boys will be boys.
He will often sit up all night.
Bring me a chair; any chair will do.
I will accomplish my purpose at all costs.
Rain or shine, I will call on you at the appointed time.
I read this book the other day and found it very interesting, so I will give it to you.
I will never come to such an unpleasant place again.
You shall pay me at your convenience.
You shall hear everything later.
Which book shall I have, this or that? You shall have this one.
Will you please tell me the way to the Science Museum?
Fetch me a chair, will you?
Won't you go to that island with me if it is fine tomorrow afternoon? It takes about an hour by boat.
What kind of dog will you keep, a watchdog or a pointer. I will keep a watchdog.
Will you improve your conduct in the future?
My family shall not want not for anything as long as I live.
These three students shall not remain in our school.
My maid shall call you at five tomorrow morning.
What salary shall he have? He shall have 80,000 won.
What shall she do next? Let her sweep the room.
Everybody has gone home.
She has become happy.
Abebe has already breasted the tape.
I have just finished my breakfast.
I have not finished my homework yet.
Has the bell rung yet? Yes, it has.
I wonder where I have put my glasses.
Have you got your pay? No, not yet.
We have had much rain this summer.
Recently prices have risen steadily.
He may have fallen ill.
The child must have lost his way.
You may go home when you have finished this.
Will you lend me your newspaper, when you have done with it?
I have just been to the hospital to inquire after Mr. A.
I have just been to the station to see Mr. Kim off.
I have not seen him lately, but I am sure he will come to see me before long.
He went to Canada the year before last and has not written to me since that time.
Have you ever read 'Gone with the Wind'?
You have never seen such a pretty picture, have you?
Have you ever been in Mokpo? No, I have never been there.
I am very healthy, and have never been laid up in my life.
I have often heard of you.
I have often stayed in Europe. your customs are very different from ours, aren't they?
I have not heard from him for a long time.
We have known each other well since childhood.
He has been a 0.3 batter for five years on end.
This poplar has stood here for over a century.
How many years have you been is Seoul? Well, let me see; about three years and a half.
Fifty years have passed since he wrote the novel.
Three years have passed since he died.
We have been married these five years.
I thought something must have happened to the streetcar.
He has been absorbed in reading a novel for three hours without taking a meal.
He has been devoted to the study of atomic energy ever since he graduated from the university.
He is always in a good humour, and I have never seen an angry look on his face.
When I arrived at the station, I found the train I wanted to take had already started.
I did not find my purse had been stolen till I returned home.
It had grown quite dark before he could get to the village he was bound for.
When I awoke, the sun had already risen.
He asked me if I had finished my supper yet.
I did not know him, because I had never met him before.
I had just written my answers, when the bell rang.
He had been ill for a week, when a doctor was sent for.
Nobody had arrived before Mr. and Mrs. A.
When I went to the house the following day, I found that somebody had already moved in.
He had scarcely reached manhood when he died.
He had hardly escaped before he was recaptured.
No sooner had he arrived in America than he fell ill.
I shall have crossed the Pacific by this time next week.
The new schoolhouse which is now under construction, will have been completed by the end of this summer.
She will have been in hospital for half a year by the end of this month.
I shall have cleaned up your room by the time you return.
He must have arrived at Busan by this time.
If I read the Bible once more, I shall have read it three times.
I am writing to my uncle in America.
I used to live in Busan, but now I am living in Seoul.
It is growing warmer day by day, and the days are getting longer.
I wonder if it is still raining.
He is having his bath now.
Houses are being built one after another along the railway line.
Your socks are being washed as they are dirty.
Let's be going as it's rather late.
What on earth are you doing here?
The flowers are opening.
He is always speaking ill of others.
Why are a number of people constantly mistaking the meaning of freedom?
So you're going to America! Allow me to congratulate you.
I am leaving for Busan by the 8.25 a.m. train the day after tomorrow.
What are you going to do with the puppy?